Provider doc improvements (#3129)
unicode-org/icu4x: docs/tutorials/data_provider.md

> The following example illustrates an LRU cache on top of a BufferProvider that saves deserialized data payloads as type-erased objects and then checks for a cache hit before calling the inner provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates an LRU cache on top of a data provider. A practical application would be a BufferProvider that saves deserialized data payloads as type-erased objects and then checks for a cache hit before calling the inner provider.
```

}

// Usage example:

> let provider = HelloWorldProvider;

Author: Why?

> let provider = HelloWorldProvider;

Author: I don't see much value in doing `HelloWorldProvider.into_json_provider().as_deserializing()`, as even that probably doesn't have to be cached. I have added a comment.

> let provider = HelloWorldProvider;

Reviewer: Okay, the comment is fine. But what I had in mind was to keep using `icu_testdata::buffer()`

}

// Usage example:

> // While HelloWorldProvider does not need to be cached, more expensive providers, like
> // deserializing BufferProviders, or providers doing I/O, should be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// While HelloWorldProvider does not need to be cached, it may be useful to cache results from
// more expensive providers, like deserializing BufferProviders or providers doing I/O.
```
